build only the packages needed for the current variant (#1408)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: packages/README.md

Every package build starts from a container with the [Bottlerocket SDK](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-sdk) and zero or more other packages installed as dependencies.
Any source archives and patches needed for the build are copied in, and the binary RPMs are copied out once the build is complete.

> Some packages depend on building other packages first and some packages depend on other packages being available when they are installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some packages depend on building other packages first, because they're used directly by the build process.
Some packages depend on other packages being available when they're installed, because they're used dynamically at runtime.
```

> In RPM spec (see example below) these expressed as `BuildRequires:` and `Requires:` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In RPM spec (see example below) these are expressed as `BuildRequires:` and `Requires:` respectively.
```

If your source is not yet available in the upstream source mirror, you can run `cargo make` with `-e BUILDSYS_UPSTREAM_SOURCE_FALLBACK=true`.

The [build-dependencies](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/specifying-dependencies.html#build-dependencies) table is used to declare a build-time dependency on another package.
In this case, `libwoof` depends on `glibc` and `libseccomp`.
We want those libraries to be built first, and for this one to be rebuilt when they are modified.

We use the [dependencies](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/specifying-dependencies.html) section to specify any packages that are needed at runtime (that is, RPM `Requires:`).
Although we don't need these to be built *before* the current package, we do need them to be built before we construct the Bottlerocket image.
With build-dependencies (`BuildRequires:`) it's important that they be built *before* the current package is built.

> Runtime dependencies (`Requires`) can be built at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think it's better to give a brief introduction to these concepts earlier, as I suggested above, so the reader isn't confused about why there's a distinction.  Then it wouldn't need to be repeated here.

> The separation between `build-dependencies` and `dependencies` in Cargo.toml is not necessary but helps us distinguish between the two dependency types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The separation between `build-dependencies` and `dependencies` in Cargo.toml is not strictly necessary, because either way we'll get the package builds we need, but it helps readers distinguish between the two dependency types and correlate them to the RPM .spec file.
```
I think a blank line helps separate the facts above from this background material, and I suggested some more background.

> Note that we do not include `Requires:` dependencies if they are already satisfied by either the current package, or the build-dependencies.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand this.  What do you mean by satisfied by the current package?

I think the biggest potential confusion we have is from someone adding or updating a package who doesn't understand what needs to go in Requires vs. dependencies, BuildRequires vs. build-dependencies, and dependencies vs. build-dependencies.  Several comments here imply that dependencies = Requires, then we walk it back a bit here; I think it could be clearer to remove the "# RPM Requires" comments in the Cargo.toml files (since they're not really true) and have people read this doc instead, and in this doc, also remove the equivalence statements above, and have one section that clearly explains what `[dependencies]` should be and how/when they differ from Requires.

Part of the confusion is that we don't list all of the Requires as dependencies, even if they're not satisfied by build-dependencies, in special cases where we just know it'll cause problems.  (unnecessary systemd rebuilds, glibc, etc.)  If that's always going to be a small set, we could just list them, but either way it's probably worth mentioning.

Author: > I think it could be clearer to remove the "# RPM Requires" comments in the Cargo.toml

The closest thing we have to a mapping is: `Requires:` -> `dependencies` and `BuildRequires:` -> `build-dependencies`. The mapping is true even if some are omitted.

I definitely think it's more helpful than not to have the `# RPM Requires` comment in Cargo.toml even if you need the README to fully understand what's going on.

I'll take another stab at explaining it better in the README.
